Hey guys, I was just able to compete in
Google's second episode of the AI Agent
Bakeoff, which is a fivehour challenge
where we had to build a brand new
Agentic banking application in just
under 5 hours. And thanks to enough
caffeine and the right strategies, I was
able to win with my partner. So, in
today's video, I want to break down
those exact strategies I used into five
helpful tips that you can copy and steal
for your own workflows to build better
and faster agent workflows for your own
applications. Also, if you haven't had a
chance to watch the entire episode that
Google just produced where we're all
competing and building out the best
agents, I definitely recommend you
checking out that full video. I'll have
a link to it down in the description
below. But don't worry, I'll still give
you guys a quick recap of all the
important things as we break it down
here in this video as well. And because
you guys are awesome, I'm going to be
giving away the entire source code for
the project I built during the bake off
completely for free. Just click the link
down the description below so you can
get access to the front-end application,
plus all the different agents that I
built under the hood. But enough of
that. Let's go ahead and dive into
breaking down everything that went into
building out this agent project so you
can start to copy my tips and tricks for
building real world agents. All right.
So, what I want to do is paint the
picture of exactly what we were getting
ourselves into in this competition
because in a matter of five hours, we
had to go from a list of instructions,
requirements, all the way to a
full-blown working application that we
could show off to the judges. So, I just
want you guys to see how much we had to
do in 5 hours because you're going to
see, man, this is an insane amount of
work and the only way I was able to get
it done is by doing like AIdriven
development. So, that's exactly what I'm
going to be sharing with you guys in the
five tips section, but I just want to
paint a picture of what did we have to
build, what did we build, and then the
rest of the video, I'm going to show you
how we got there. So, let's break down
what we were tasked with doing because
this was a ton of fun, but stressful
because we had so much to build in such
short time. So, we had to create a
multi- aent system that builds the
future of personal finance. Now, what
does that actually mean? Well, we needed
to build out a beautiful UI where users
could go in and engage with agents. We
had to make sure that our agents we were
building offered proactive guidance to
help people accomplish their major life
goals for budgeting, doing vacations.
Outside of that, we needed to make sure
that our agents were intelligent. So,
not only did we need to include chat
bots where people could actively talk to
these agents, but we had to add in
workflows that automated a lot of the
works that people would normally go do
when like planning a trip and stuff like
that. Outside of that, just like you
would have to do in Top Chef where
you're like instructed to go make a
certain type of dish. Well, you have to
use certain ingredients as well. So,
inside of the bake off, we had to use
certain ingredients such as or in our
case certain technologies such as agent
development kit. We had to use the agent
agent protocol and we had to use Gemini
API. So this was a ton of fun. But what
I want to do is just break down like
let's actually get really concrete and
let me show you exactly what Google was
basically asking us to build. So at the
end of the day, here's what Google was
saying. They're saying, "Hey, we already
have an existing bank. It's boring. It's
an old bank, but this bank does come
with a backend and a front end, but most
importantly, this bank comes with an
agent. And as time goes on, agents
become more powerful and more prevalent.
Agentto agent protocol is going to
become huge where you are going to have
agents that are going to be talking to
other agents inside of companies to
where they do all the work and basically
make things magic for us. So what Google
was asking us to do inside this
competition is to build out everything
that you see right here in 5 hours.
Meaning we had to create a custom
application and we had to for each one
of the main topics that we were asked to
do like working with financial
statements, helping people plan their
goals, you know, a bunch of like
analyzing perks that might be available
to the customers inside the bank. Like
we had to build out agent workflows for
each one of these, which is insane for 5
hours. Not only that, but we had to
figure out how to connect our agents to
the bank's agent and we were able to do
that thanks to the A2A protocol. So, as
you can see, this was a ton of work, but
let me actually just show you a quick
overview of the application that was
built. So, you can see, you know, this
is what me and my partner built in 5
hours. So, super super powerful and
super super proud of what we built. So,
this is a full-blown application. So,
you can see we have multiple tabs to
help people achieve their different
goals. So, we have in each one of these
pages correlates to different agents and
agent workflows. So, you can see we have
spending. So inside this we have a
spending agent workflow where we had an
agent go off and analyze the person's
income, expenses, recent activities.
Outside of that we also had a you know a
other agent that was responsible for
asking and answering questions on
everything that you see on this page. So
as you can see like this was a ton of
work that had to get done in multiple
hours. So this is one part, this is
another part and this gets repeated on
every single page. And this was the way
I wanted to structure building out the
application. Definitely recommend you
checking out the full episode so you can
see how other people tackled it. But
once again, super excited for it to work
and just to show you guys, you can see
like what did I spend the most on this
month? This is triggering off an agent
that's asking questions over here about
what was spent on. So you can see the
most expensive thing that we did last
month was rent and you can see it right
here. So yeah, all around like it's a
working application. You can try it out.
You'll learn a ton of cool insights on
how we set up the agents to actually
handle working with Ato. So yeah,
there's a ton inside of here. I won't go
super super deep into actually how
everything was built. I definitely
recommend you guys hopping inside of
here and just asking AI like, "Hey,
please walk me through this." There's a
ton of cool really interesting places
that you can use to jump start your own
full stack AI development journey. But
what I want to mostly focus on is how
the heck were we able to build
everything that you see over here in
five hours from all the agents to the
full stack application to the agents
having tools to do a like this was a
monster task and I want to show you how
we did it in 5 hours and I'm going to
break it down right now in five tips
that you guys can copy. So the first tip
I want to share with you guys is the
concept of an AI reference project. Now,
this one tip alone is the single most
important tip that allowed me to go and
build out this full stack AI application
in a matter of 5 hours instead of 5 days
or more, truthfully. And the best way to
fully understand this tip, and don't
worry, I'm going to share examples of
how I actually did it. But the main
thing that you need to understand before
diving into what is an AI reference
project, you need to understand the new
job promotion you just got thanks to AI
agents. So you are now an AI developer.
You're no longer a software developer.
You're an AI software developer. What
that means is at this point you should
probably never be writing a single line
of code again. I have not written a
single line of code in probably close to
2 years at this point. What I have been
doing though and what I recommend you
guys to do and exactly what I did in
this competition is I provided context
to AI agents. What that means is I'm
telling AI here's what you should be
doing. Here's why you should be doing
it. And ideally, here is an example of
how you should do it. And that's what
really what I mean by AI reference. We
are referencing existing working code
and different projects so that we can
just go exponentially faster. So, let me
break down a little bit more what the
role means and then I'm going to break
down exactly how to apply and explain
what AI reference projects are. Okay.
So, here's what I mean. At this point,
our job is to provide context to AI
agents. We're not coding anymore. If
you're coding, you're going slow. So
what do we need to be doing as AI
software developers? Well, our job is to
know what exists. So what does a ad ADK
do? What does A2A do? What is possible
with these frameworks? What can I do
with ADK? What can't I do with ADK? When
it comes to A2A, what does it allow
agents to do? And also more importantly,
we need to know where can I find working
samples and examples of these different
frameworks. So, is there a example
project of ADK working properly? Is
there a working example of ADK using A2A
properly? Because if there is, there's
no reason for me to actually, you know,
type out and explain and manually type
out, all right, new function, go get
this, you know, card from this other
agent. No, what I should be doing is I
should be passing that information over
to AI and say, hey, AI, I know that this
tool can do it. Here's an example of
another project doing what I want. and I
would like you to tweak it for our use
case. That is what we should be doing in
the world of being AI developers. And
this is exactly what I did to crank out
five days work of work in 5 hours. So
let me give you a concrete example. In
our case, as you saw, we have to build
out an ADK application that has a full
stack application using ADK where ADK is
using A2A to talk to the bank agent. So
my whole job going into this competition
knowing my new role as a AI developer is
I'm like man I have to get smart on what
ADK can do. I have to get smart on
finding example projects. So when it is
game time I can say and just hey agents
go to work. Here's exactly what I want
you to build. So what does this actually
mean inside of your projects? Like what
should you be doing? Well what you
should be doing is you should be
preparing your projects to have a
reference folder. This reference folder
is combined with every type of project
reference that you can find. So you
should be looking up and adding in
existing applications. So in my case,
I've already built out A2A applications
in the past. I have found a ton of ADK
documents that explain exactly what you
can and can't do. I have projects of ADK
for building out tons of different
projects. So these are all different
projects that Google has created to
showcase the different powers of agents.
Outside of that, there is other agents
where there's projects that showcase how
to use ADK plus A2A. So my job at this
point, heck, there's even an A2A samples
repository that shows exactly how to use
ADK plus A2A. So my job is just to go
search the internet and I'm going to use
AI to do it. But I'm going to go search
all example projects and basically
prepare and stack the deck in my favor
when I'm going to start a new project.
So whenever it's time to hit go, I
already have a thousand repositories of
projects that explain exactly what
functionality we need to build. So in
our case when it comes to building out
this application all I'm basically
saying is like hey I would like you to
look at project one where they connected
their ADK agents to ATA. I would like
you to look at project two where they
connected ADK to the front end. And when
it comes to project three I would like
you to look at how they built out multi-
aent workflows where they had agent one
work with agent two to then spit out a
result. So, I'm hoping you guys can see
at this point the kicker here is we just
need to be basically understanding what
is possible and then just having like
you know in our heads just a bunch of
like little memories of like I remember
that did that I remember that did that.
So whenever it comes time to coding, we
can just pass all this into our
projects, specifically inside of our
reference folder, and then let our
agents do the work. Because the agents,
they're so smart. The second they see
the code from here and the code from
this other project, they'll go, "Oh
yeah, I can copy that for your new
project. That's going to be so easy.
Thank you for providing the necessary
context so I can implement exactly what
you want." So I'm hoping this is super
helpful cuz this is the exact process I
did to crank out weeks worth of work in
5 days. All right, so let's go ahead and
hop over to tip number two because if
you thought this one was super helpful,
you're going to love tip number two.
Also, if you're liking the idea of
reference projects, you're absolutely
going to love what we built for you
inside of Shipkit.AI, which is a
combination of pre-built ready projects,
AIdriven courses, and everything else
you need to launch AI applications in
days instead of months. And just inside
of Shipkit, like I said, you're going to
have access to a course where you get to
learn how to go from an idea. And AI is
going to help you every step along of
the way to go from idea to a full-blown
application to deploying your
application. Like I said, we have every
type of common AI project you would like
to use. Everything from agent
development kit to rag to chat,
everything. We have a full-blown
pre-existing AI application that's
working. You get the source code for it.
You also get example walkthroughs of how
I converted each one of these pre-built
templates over into a custom project.
And you get to see exact breakdowns of
how everything works. So, Shipkit is the
number one tool if you're looking to
build out real world AI projects using
these new technologies and tips and
tricks and see exactly how I build real
world applications in days instead of
months. And if you're looking to get
Shipkit, we're doing $50 off if you want
to use code bake off. And if you have
any questions, feel free, let me know.
But I definitely recommend checking
watching this video if you have any
questions or shoot me an email. But
yeah, thanks guys and let's get back to
tip number two. So the second tip I want
to show you guys is that you need to be
talking to your computer and this
absolutely broke everyone's brain at the
competition because everyone else is
sitting, you know, heads down, earphones
in, and they're just typing as fast as
they can. And I, on the other hand, am
just talking to my computer saying like,
hey, I think we should build this. Oh,
and this needs to connect to this. And
basically I'm just talking. And the way
I'm able to do that is using the tool
called Whisper Flow. And Whisper Flow
literally just listens to you. And they
have a bunch of cool tools in here to
help out if you're using tools like
Cursor or Claude Code where they'll also
look at your files and add them in. And
at this point, why I love Whisper Flow
so much is because I'm able to just go
as fast as I can talk. So if I can talk
faster, it'll listen. If I talk slower,
it'll listen. It doesn't matter. At this
point, I wish I could talk and type at
122 words per minute, but my fingers
just don't do it. And it's so much
easier just to sit back in your chair,
look up, and just describe what you want
and talk and then have the AI build it
for you. It's a funny thing at first,
but the second you start doing it,
you'll never go back to typing unless
you have to like, you know, call out
something specific. But just when you're
trying to solve the context problem,
which is what we're trying to do right
now, we're trying to put as much context
in our heads into the computer as
possible on how to solve the problem so
the agent can go off and do the work.
So, the more you can talk, the more you
can explain what you're looking for,
what problems you're running into, and
what the ideal goal state is, the better
these agents are going to do. And that's
why I love Whisper Flow because it
breaks down that barrier of preventing
me from putting more context into the
system. And if you want to get uh
Whisper Flow, not sponsored by them or
anything like that, which I was, but I
have a link in the description below
where you guys can get two months for
free of Whisper Flow. Absolutely love
it. But what I want to show you is just
Whisper Flow in action really fast. So,
I can update the shortcuts on my
computer to where whenever I now hit the
option and spacebar. I get this to where
I can just talk to my computer, it's
listening in real time. You can see down
here at the bottom of my screen, it has
the little squiggies. And this is where
I can just say like, "Hey, we're trying
to solve this problem. Make sure to look
up at setup.md file to see how we are
trying to tackle this problem." And
then, oh, by the way, this other
reference project solves the exact
thing. And then as soon as I'm done
talking and rambling, which is totally
fine to do, like you can ramble, it's
totally fine. the AI will just put that
in as context and boom, it'll work on
solving it and it's hooked up to cursor
so it knows whenever you call out a
file, oh, I need to include that file.
So, this thing is just insane. Now, if
you want to do poor man's version of
Whisper Flow, totally understand. I have
a cool thing I want to show you. If
you're on Mac, what you can do, you can
actually go over to settings and type in
the word dictation. I wish I could make
this bigger, but for some reason, they
don't let this get bigger. But what you
can also do is update the dictation
shortcut once you turn it on to hit the
right command key twice and you can
actually talk to the computer. So let me
show you what this one looks like cuz
this is also super helpful. So you can
say, "Hey, I'm just trying to show to
YouTube right now how cool it is to use
the dictation tool where you get to use
your Mac and just talk to it completely
for free." And this is automatically
included right out the gate when you're
using Mac OS. So yeah, as you can see,
this is a insanely cool tool. So, if
you're not able to type at 122 words per
minute, you definitely want to consider
using tools like Whisper Flow or
dictation so that you can get all the
ideas out of your head and into the
computer to help solve that context
problem so that these agents can work
their magic. So, yeah, that's tip number
two. So, let's go ahead and hop over to
tip number three. So, the third tip I
want to share with you guys is the
concept of building out an agent
workflow digital twin. Every time I have
shown someone in my free school
community or inside of Shipkit this
concept when they're building out
multi-agent workflows, the light bulb
goes off. They go, "Thank you, Brandon.
I will never build agents the same, and
I'm going to be using this every time
going forward." So, let me explain what
the digital twin concept is and how it
makes building agent workflows a
thousand times easier. So, I think
what's best is to let's cover the
problem first. So the problem is when
we're building out multi- aent
workflows, we're creating a bunch of
different files. So for example, to
build out this workflow right here to
where we have a root agent where our
root agent has sub agents and each sub
agent has, you know, different
callbacks, different tools, they might
access state differently. Well, as we
begin to build more and more complex
workflows, these grow in files. So we
are right now ending up with at least
four different files where if we ever
want to make a change to let's say our
root agent and our root agent changes
the way that it access state. So instead
of writing you know here's the goal
instead of writing the goal it now
writes here is the task. Well every one
of our sub aents that used to be looking
for goal well now it needs to be looking
for task. So, we accidentally just broke
all of our sub aents because as we're
making a change, the AI like cursor for
example is going to go, "Yeah, I I'll
happily update your root agent, but as a
result, we accidentally break everything
downstream." That's the issue. Now, here
is the solution. What we end up doing is
creating a digital twin that is a direct
replica of our actual workflow. So you
can see what we're basically doing is at
a high level we're just creating a
markdown file that says all right our
root agent our root agent has access to
these different sub aents in addition to
having access to those sub aents here's
the tools that it's going to do here's
the overall goal and what
responsibilities this agent does here's
the inputs of the agent here's the
outputs of the agent and we're basically
just replicating what's on the left and
we're putting it into a markdown file.
The reason why this is so helpful is
because anytime we go to actually make a
change like hey your goal now is to not
write the output to be like I said goal
it now should be task well whenever we
go to make the change now and we
actually pass in this markdown file
what's going to happen is our agent's
going to go hey I can see you're trying
to make this change but did you know
you're accidentally breaking the three
other agents that need this as a
required input and you're going to go oh
shoot thank you for telling me that I
will would like you to also go update
these other agents to make sure that
they reflect our change. Now, that's I
promise you the second you start
building digital twins of your agent
workflows, you're going to be like, "Oh
my gosh, this used to be such a pain in
the butt where I'd fix one thing and it
would break four other things." But now
it's working like a charm. So, and
here's exactly what you need to do. You
need to create, like I said, a agent
digital twin. And all this agent digital
twin needs to do is list out at a high
level what each agent does. And every
time you make a change, you're going to
update this file. So this file is going
to include, like I said, the name of the
agents, what they do, what tools,
callbacks, and everything else. And then
outside of that, you also just want to
list like the highlevel overview of what
each like how do all the agents connect.
And you want to just basically keep
replicating everything that's done over
here and actually just replicate it over
in your digital twin. You can definitely
create yourself. It's already included
in Shipkit. But this one change right
here, every person that has started to
create digital twins inside of their own
workflows, they never go back cuz the
second you just it works flawlessly and
you get to move a thousand times faster
and you can build more complex workflows
because everything's stable. And when
you make a change, you know where else
that change is going to cause impacts
downstream and you can fix it down
there, too. So, promise you guys,
digital twin is an absolute cheat code
if you're building out agent workflows.
All right, let's go ahead and hop over
to tip number four. So the fourth tip
that I want to share with you guys is
that you need to train AI to work with
your tech stack. This is one of the
biggest unfair advantages that you could
have to code a thousand times faster
than everyone else because while
everyone else is, you know, working on
implementing a feature and their agents
are adding mistake after mistake after
mistake and they're just going in a
circle saying, "Please AI, stop messing
up. Just build the feature. You're
already on the 10th feature and you're
already done with the project and on to
the next." And the way we're able to do
that is once again by training AI to
work on textX. So let me just give a
quick noob verse pro because I'm hoping
this is going to make sense when we
click it in. But how noobs usually use
these different tools like cursor and
cloud code is they open up a new chat
and they say hey AI please create me a
new ADK agent that's going to make a
tool call to get the weather. Now
they're going to hit enter. They're like
hell yeah I have AI working for me. And
then all of a sudden it's going to come
up with honestly I have no idea what
because ADK was not released in 2024
when the training cut off was for all
these models. So you're basically just
having AI in no man's land trying to do
something it doesn't know how to do. So
it's just going to produce something.
Good luck. I doubt it'll work. So what
we want to do is we want to train AI to
implement and actually know how to work
with our tech stack. And the way we do
that is we create something called a
task template. This is basically just an
expert who knows everything about the
tech stack that we're using. And this
expert is going to generate tasks. So
like if we were thinking about this in
the terms of people, we're basically
having an expert. This expert is going
to produce documents where these
documents provide the exact
step-by-steps instructions on what code
changes need to be made to actually get
the desired functionality that we want
inside of our codebase. So this is the
expert. The expert's going to produce
the task document and the task document
is what's going to be used to implement,
oh, we need to change this file and we
need to change this file. So that's what
we do. Now, how the heck do you make an
AI and train AI to be an expert at it?
Well, it's actually not that hard and
I'll show you an example um right now.
So this is what a task template looks
like. It is nothing more than a list of
instructions on how to use a specific
technology. And ideally what it's trying
to do is take in the desired
functionality that you're trying to
build. It understands the text stack in
and out and all the mistakes to avoid.
And then it's just going to write all of
the functionality to say, "Hey, when
we're trying to add the new feature that
they're asking for." Cool. Yeah, I'll
happily make that task and I'll do it
well cuz I know exactly what to avoid
and what mistakes to not make. And that
way whenever you go to make the code
change, this code change is actually
just going to be perfect. So here's what
it looks like and I'll show you how to
make one yourself in just a second. But
basically this document just contains
all of the common features and
functionalities that we'd want to do.
We've basically standardized writing
code. So what you want to do is you want
to say hey when you're working with ADK
you need to make sure that you can fully
analyze the current project from
beginning to end. So it needs to
understand the structure of an ADK
project which usually starts with a root
agent and a root agent has sub aents. In
addition to that, it has tools. In
addition to that, it has libraries. In
addition to that, like there's a, you
know, it basically just needs to know
the common structure of an ADK
application. From there, it needs to
understand what is what problems we're
actually trying to solve. From there, it
needs to understand some technical
requirements about like what actually
goes into building out ADK applications.
So, it needs to know like, hey, here's
what you should do when you're trying to
add a callback. Here's what are all the
types of callbacks there are. Here's
what you should never do when trying to
add callbacks. And you know, this is
just like a long long document that
describes all the best practices of
working with a specific technology. Now,
they're not that hard to make. And
that's what I want to show you right now
so that you can basically train your own
AI specialist so that when you're trying
to work on a task, you can easily knock
it out. So, here's what we have done.
We're trying to create an ADK task
template. And this is the genius on the
tech stack. And the whole purpose of
this genius is to create task documents.
These task documents once again they
just contain the instructions on how to
update the code. Now so you can see an
example of this. I just made one for you
guys. And let's look at this. So here's
an example of a task where a task just
describes, hey, you're trying to in our
case add the weather like we showed
earlier. So your goal is to do this.
Here's the goal. Now here is what you
need to do. You need to understand the
tool that you're working with, the
models, the different files that exist.
So the current state and basically just
keep going on from there on what changes
need to be made, the current state of
the application and you know it also is
going to include all the instructions
and it's automatically going to do a
good job because it knows not to do A
but it needs to do B. Now here's what
you can do to make your own task
basically your task genius because this
thing is the most important part to help
you go a thousand times faster. So what
you need to do is you need to say and
create a brand new markdown file and say
hey you are a specialist at ADK. Go use
context 7 to learn as much about this
technology as you can and your whole
goal is I'm going to give you an input
of what problem I'm trying to solve. And
your job is to create a task document
that includes all the code changes. And
then what you do is once you have V1 of
this task template set up, you take it
for a run. you take it for a spin and
you say, "Hey, please go add the weather
to this specific agent." And it's going
to come up with a task that looks just
like this to where it's going to go
update the weather. And then you're
going to apply that task and say, "Cool,
I'm going to go update the agent now."
And to start, it's going to fail. It's
going to write garbage code cuz it's
it's learning. And you're going to say,
"Hey, you made this mistake. Never make
this mistake again." Then you're going
to say, "Hey, make sure you add some
instructions in this task template to
avoid this mistake. Here's what you did
wrong. Here's what you should have
done." Then you do it again. And now
it's going to make a new task to add a
new tool to an agent. And you're going
to apply that task again to the code,
and it's going to do better, but it's
going to hit another error. And you're
going to go, "Hey, you actually forgot
to add context to the tool call. So
there was no way for us to save the
state of the weather to global state."
So once again, you made a mistake.
Please, ADK genius expert, never make
this mistake again. Please update your
instructions. And then you're going to
keep going through this over and over
and over again in a feedback loop until
you end up with what I'm calling the
task template that is responsible for
creating the task until this thing can
make task perfectly every time. So
you're going to go through this over and
over and over again. And you want to do
this for every technology stack. You can
do this for ADK, Nex.js, everything. And
eventually what's going to happen is
when you go to implement a new code
change, the task document is going to be
perfect and golden and exactly implement
the exact thing that you want. And it's
going to write perfect code whenever it
comes to actually implementing the
change. And that is what's going to
allow you to just move faster and build
out real functional code way quicker
than everyone else who's constantly
like, "Please AI, please work." And they
wonder why it doesn't work. And it's
because like it was never trained on
their tech stack in the first place. So,
of course, it doesn't have context on
how to solve the problem. So, hopefully
seeing this workflow in action is super
helpful because this is exactly what I
have done every time I go to work on a
new project. It does take some time
upfront to, you know, build out these
types of task templates, but the second
you put up the upfront work of maybe a
few hours, you're going to move faster
for the rest of time. So, I definitely
recommend checking out, you know,
building out your own ADK task
templates. If you have questions, always
feel free to drop into a free school
community. I'd be happy to go deeper
with this with you guys. So you can make
your own or we always have these in
shipkit so you can grab them there too.
But yeah, thanks guys and we're going to
go ahead and head over to test number
five which is where we really put some
gas on to cranking out code a thousand
times faster. And I'm excited to show
you this next one as well. All right, so
the fifth tip that I wanted to share
with you guys is that you should be
doing parallel AI development to move as
fast as possible in building out your AI
projects. Now what does this actually
mean? Well, it means inside of tools
like cursor, cloud code, windsurf, you
should be opening up multiple tabs at
the same time to work on different
features at the same time. And what this
means is, you know, we're going to kick
off this job right here. While that
guy's working, we're going to trigger
off this one. While that one's working,
then we're going to trigger off this
one. So, we basically have multiple
tasks running at the same time to start
building out our application. And by
implementing this, we are going to go so
fast it feels like cheating. Now, what
does this like? How do you do this in
practice? And why should we be doing
this? Let's go why first. Well, if you
were at a corporate company and let's
imagine you are the boss. Well, if you
had literally unlimited employees, it
would be silly to say, I'm only going to
allow employee number one to make code
changes. That's it. He's the only
employee that's allowed to make code
changes, and I'm going to wait for this
employee or intern to get back to me
before I do anything else. Like it would
be silly to build out an application
literally just one small feature after
another. Especially when most of the
time when building out applications
there's some stuff that you could make
changes to on the front end while at the
same time you could also probably make
some changes to the backend for another
feature or a new bug fix. Or if there's
multiple pages of your application,
there's nothing stopping you from
working on this page and this page at
the same time. Or if you're doing agent
development, there's nothing stopping
you from working on agent one. And while
that's taking 1 to 3 minutes to
implement, there's nothing stopping you
from working on agent two at the same
time to where you are like the main
concept I'm trying to get across here is
like you are the boss and there's the
best way to be working is to think about
it this way to where you are saying hey
intern one you know it is your job to go
work on this task. I know you're going
to need some time so go off and do it.
While you're working on that, I'm going
to call in another intern. And this
other intern is going to work on the
next feature. And I'm just going to
continually do this over and over again
for as many features as I can handle in
parallel. Like what's crazy is the
bottleneck in this workflow is us. It's
how many tasks we can, you know, keep up
with in our heads at the same time. So
like you'll see me in the bake off to
where I'm saying like you'll see this
throughout the episodes where I'm like,
"Hey, go make this change on the front
end." Oh, okay. Agent two, it's doing
this wrong. It should be doing this.
Okay, cool. For some reason, something's
going wrong when it comes to our login
page before we can go to the
application, work on this. And I'll
literally do this in parallel. I'll have
like five or six tabs working at the
same time. And then as soon as I'm done,
you know, looking at the task, cuz
that's the kicker. The intern does the
work and reports back to us the code
change and we quickly sign off on that
code change and then kick it off to the
next thing or we say, "Go make this
change." So we're constantly in in a new
paradigm as an AI developer. We're
providing context saying go work on this
and reviewing. Those are our two jobs.
Context and review. And you know to
review obviously you kind of need to
know a little bit about like the tech
stack and what's good code, what's
what's not good code. And you need to
understand like is this the actual
desired functionality and were any
mistakes made? But as long as you can
just quickly review these code changes,
you can work on many tasks in parallel.
and our brains in the amount of
different tasks we can handle, we become
the bottleneck. But what's crazy though
is we're working on four tasks at the
same time. So like truthfully me, I do
this all the time now. I feel like I'm
entering the matrix when I'm doing this,
but I'm getting a week's worth of work
done in a day by following this because
I'm doing five things at the same time.
So this is it's just a mind-blowing tip
and I cannot recommend you guys enough
to do this. And so basically when you
kind of start stacking everything that
we've talked about today on top of each
other, you guys are going to be
unstoppable. So, you know, when you guys
are using Whisper Flow to actually talk
to your computer, you're going to be
typing faster. So, you know, in this
case, you're going to be typing at, you
know, 122 words per minute. Also, you're
going to be using in your own case,
you're going to be using task templates,
which are specialist at implementing
code. So these task templates are going
to make sure that you write quality code
to implement the desired feature. So
you're going to be inputting stuff
faster to the computer. When the agents
are working, they're going to be doing
better work. In addition to that, you
guys are also going to be working in
parallel at the same time on multiple
different tasks. So you're like
multiplying your efforts as well. And
these just all stack on top of each
other one at a time. And when you are
working on task, you also have a ton of
AI reference projects that basically
call out exactly the desired
functionality that you wanted in the
first place. So between the task
templates and the reference projects, my
god, you guys are going to be moving so
fast. So this is one of the ways to
where I was able to in the bake off was
one of the only people that was able to
actually build and complete everything
in the 5-hour allocation and have a
working project to show at the end of
it. And the only way I was able to get
it done is to follow these exact
strategies that I've been sharing with
you guys today. So, I'm hoping you've
had the light bulb moment and you're
like, man, I want to implement these so
bad. And I think the best way to get
started, like I said, I have the free
school community. I would hop over. We
have weekly free coaching calls every
Tuesday at 600 p.m. Eastern time. Would
love to help you guys. If you have any
questions on any of this, walk you
through exactly how you can use some of
this inside of your own applications and
your own workflows. Super happy to help.
and we have a ton of awesome other AI
developers on the call. So, I think
you'll really like to get to meet a lot
of developers who are on the same
journey because we're all learning and
getting better at the same time. But
yeah, that is the five tips that I think
you guys should definitely be
implementing to help you build a
thousand times faster when trying to
crank out real world AI projects. So, I
hoped you guys enjoyed seeing all the
behindthe-scenes tools, tips, and tricks
on how I was able to crank out the
projects for the ADK agent bake off and
was able to win the whole thing. I had
an absolute amazing time. Shout out to
Google for hosting such an amazing
event. And quick reminders, you can
download all the source code for the
completed project that I did at the bake
off completely for free. Just click the
link down description below. You can
also I have a ton of 80K related content
right here on this channel. everything
from an ADK master class, do some deep
dives into voice agents, rag agents, so
many other tips and tricks on ADK. So, I
definitely recommend checking out those
on the channel. And I also recommend you
checking out the school community I have
for you guys where you get to hop on
weekly coaching calls with me and a
bunch of other AI developers on
everyone's on their own journey. We all
work together to help make sure
everyone's making progress. And if you
want to jumpstart your AI development
journey, I cannot recommend enough for
you guys to check out Shipkit where
you're going to get access to all sorts
of pre-built AI projects so that you can
implement a lot of the different
features we talked about and tips in
today's video. And if you have any
questions on it, feel free to always
shoot me an email at brandon@shipkit.ai.
But enough of that. Let's go ahead and I
recommend you checking out whichever
video is popping up on the screen right
now. And I cannot wait to see you guys
in the next one. See you.
